feat: add http datasource (#11658)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/datasources/http/http.md

> ---

Reviewer: The build is failing because the file type should be `mdx`. 

The best place to put this doc is directly under the `datasources` folder, as `datasources/http.mdx` because it's a single datasource type.

description: |
  The http Data Source retrieves information from an http endpoint to be used
  during Packer builds
page_title: Http - Data Sources
---

<BadgesHeader>
  <PluginBadge type="official" />
  <PluginBadge type="hcp_packer_ready" />
</BadgesHeader>

# Http Data Source

Type: `http`

> The `http` Data Source retrieves information from an http endpoint to be used
> during packer builds

Reviewer: Copying and pasting the terraform datasource docs because I think the wording was a little better. What do you think?
```suggestion
The `http` data source makes an HTTP GET request to the given URL and exports information about the response.
```

Author: Yeah that sounds better

## Basic Example

Below is a fully functioning example. It stores information about an image
iteration, which can then be parsed and accessed using HCL tools.

```hcl
data "packer-image-iteration" "hardened-source" {
  bucket = "hardened-ubuntu-16-04"
  channel = "production-stable"
}

> ```

Author: Ahhh good catch, my bad
